Add description on how to Push changes to GitHub (#93)
thoth-station/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial: README.md

Whenever you finish working on your project or you need to stop, push your changes to GitHub, so that all your work can be saved. In order to do that:

1. Go to Git Box panel on the left and select Push Changs.

<div style="text-align:center">
<img alt="Use Button to Push Changes" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thoth-station/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial/master/docs/images/UseButtonToPushChanges.png">
</div>

2. Insert username and token that to push to the GitHub repo.

<div style="text-align:center">
<img alt="Push Changes with GitHub token" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thoth-station/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial/master/docs/images/PushGitHubToken.png">
</div>

Then go to your repo and open a Pull Request.

### Create GitHub token

If you don't have a GitHub token, you can create one following GitHub docs: [create GitHub token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).

## 6. Create a first release and image of your project

The following sub-sections of step 6 can be performed only if you have set your project with your pipelines.

> For the purpose of the tutorial the images required are already created using these pipelines, therefore here you can find a description on how they have been created and where they are availbale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of the tutorial the images required are already created using these pipelines, therefore here you can find a description of how they have been created and where they are available.
```
